docs: Add quickstart rust actix web (#2880)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/quickstarts/quickstart-rust-actix-web.mdx

<RemoteCode
  url={frontmatter.codeRoot + "/complete-application/templates/index.html"}
  lang="html"/>

The index page contains nothing to note except a link to the login page `<a href="/login">`.

Next, create an `account.html` page and paste the following code into it.

<RemoteCode
  url={frontmatter.codeRoot + "/complete-application/templates/account.html"}
  lang="html"/>

The account page displays the user's email from FusionAuth with `<p class="header-email">{{email}}</p>`.

The account page is only visible to logged in users. If a session email is not found, the user is redirected to login.

Finally, create a `change.html` page and paste the following code into it.

<RemoteCode
  url={frontmatter.codeRoot + "/complete-application/templates/change.html"}
  lang="html"/>

The HTML at the bottom of the file displays a blank form when the page first loads (GET) or the result of the calculation when returning (POST).

## Run The Application

Run your application.

```bash
cargo run
```

> Browse to the app at http://localhost:9012. Log in using `richard@example.com` and `password`. The change page allows you to enter a number. If you don't log in, you won't be able to access the change or account pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browse to the app at http://localhost:9012. Log in using <code><RemoteValue url={frontmatter.codeRoot + "/kickstart/kickstart.json"} selector="$.variables.userEmail" /></code> and <code><RemoteValue url={frontmatter.codeRoot + "/kickstart/kickstart.json"} selector="$.variables.userPassword" /></code>. The change page allows you to enter a number. If you don't log in, you won't be able to access the change or account pages.
```

Using [`<RemoteValue>`](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-astro-components?tab=readme-ov-file#remotevalue) just in case we change these in the future :)

## Next Steps

<NextSteps />

### {frontmatter.language} Authentication

- [Rust OAuth provider](https://docs.rs/oauth2/latest/oauth2/)
- [Actix](https://actix.rs/)

## Troubleshooting

- I get "This site can’t be reached localhost refused to connect" when I click the login button.

> Ensure FusionAuth is running in the Docker container. You should be able to log in as the admin user `admin@example.com` with the password `password` at [http://localhost:9011/admin](http://localhost:9011/admin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure FusionAuth is running in the Docker container. You should be able to log in as the admin user <code><RemoteValue url={frontmatter.codeRoot + "/kickstart/kickstart.json"} selector="$.variables.adminEmail" /></code> with the password <code><RemoteValue url={frontmatter.codeRoot + "/kickstart/kickstart.json"} selector="$.variables.adminPassword" /></code> at [http://localhost:9011/admin](http://localhost:9011/admin).
```

Using [`<RemoteValue>`](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-astro-components?tab=readme-ov-file#remotevalue) just in case we change these in the future :)
